Update Falcon 180B results (#1897)
huggingface/blog: falcon-180b.md

## How good is Falcon 180B?

Falcon 180B was the best openly released LLM at its release, outperforming Llama 2 70B and OpenAI’s GPT-3.5 on MMLU, and is on par with Google's PaLM 2-Large on HellaSwag, LAMBADA, WebQuestions, Winogrande, PIQA, ARC, BoolQ, CB, COPA, RTE, WiC, WSC, ReCoRD. Falcon 180B typically sits somewhere between GPT 3.5 and GPT4 depending on the evaluation benchmark and further finetuning from the community will be very interesting to follow now that it's openly released.

![Palm 2 comparison](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/blog/162_falcon_180b/palm2_480.jpg)

> With 68.74 on the Hugging Face Leaderboard, Falcon 180B was the highest-scoring openly released pre-trained LLM, surpassing Meta’s Llama 2.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With 68.74 on the Hugging Face Leaderboard at the time of release, Falcon 180B was the highest-scoring openly released pre-trained LLM, surpassing Meta’s Llama 2.*
```

| Model   | Size | Leaderboard score | Commercial use or license | Pretraining length |
| ------- | ---- | ----------------- | ------------------------- | ------------------ |
| Falcon  | 180B | 67.85             | 🟠                         | 3,500B             |
| Llama 2 | 70B  | 67.87             | 🟠                         | 2,000B             |
| LLaMA   | 65B  | 61.19             | 🔴                         | 1,400B             |
| Falcon  | 40B  | 58.07             | 🟢                         | 1,000B             |
| MPT     | 30B  | 52.77             | 🟢                         | 1,000B             |

> * The LLM Leaderboard benchmark added two new benchmarks. It turns out Llama 2 has a slightly higher Leaderboard score with the new scores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Open LLM Leaderboard added two new benchmarks in November 2023, and we updated the table above to reflect the latest score (67.85). Falcon is on par with Llama 2 70B according to the new methodology.
```
